CNV-61311- Added RN TP to GA ARO (#101061)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-20-release-notes.adoc

For a complete list of virtualization metrics, see the link:https://github.com/openshift/runbooks/tree/master/alerts/openshift-virtualization-operator[openshift/runbooks] Git repository. 

//CNV-67575

> * The guest agent ping probe is now generally available (GA). Previously, this feature was provided as a Technology Preview. It has been fully tested and is now supported for production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using the xref:../../virt/monitoring/virt-monitoring-vm-health.adoc#virt-define-guest-agent-ping-probe_virt-monitoring-vm-health[guest agent ping probe] to determine if the QEMU guest agent is running on the VM is now generally available. Previously, this feature was provided as a Technology Preview. 
```
